docs: Add warning message to lwc-local-dev (#5170)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/localdev/lwclocaldev.md

The Local Development Server is a Salesforce CLI plug-in that configures and runs a Lightning Web Components-enabled server on your computer. You can develop Lightning web components and see live changes without publishing the components to an org.

**Note**: This plugin does not support the following features:
- `@AuraEnabled` Apex methods
- `CSS` custom properties
- `LightningModal`

> - `lwc:if`, `lwc:elseif`, and `lwc:els`e directives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lwc:if`, `lwc:elseif`, and `lwc:else` directives
```

The Local Development Server is a Salesforce CLI plug-in that configures and runs a Lightning Web Components-enabled server on your computer. You can develop Lightning web components and see live changes without publishing the components to an org.

> [!WARNING]  
> This plugin is out of date and does not support the following features:
> - `@AuraEnabled` Apex methods
> - CSS custom properties
> - LightningModal
> - lwc:if, lwc:elseif, lwc:else directives
> - multiple directories and sfdx multiple packages
> 
> The best use you can get out of it is some light wireframing.  
>

> > If this modual has been useful to you in the past or would like to be able to use it in the furture please be sure to provide feadback on the issue [LWC Dev Server Request for feedback](https://github.com/forcedotcom/lwc-dev-server-feedback/issues/143). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If this feature has been useful to you in the past or you would be interested in this functionality, please be sure to provide feedback on the issue [LWC Dev Server Request for feedback](https://github.com/forcedotcom/lwc-dev-server-feedback/issues/143). 
```
